A. Submission Date:  2017-07-21

B.1 Submission Type:  [X] New RRTYPE  [ ] Modification to RRTYPE
B.2 Kind of RR:  [ ] Data RR  [X] Meta-RR

C. Contact Information for submitter (will be publicly posted):
   Name: Ray Bellis                 Email Address: ray@isc.org
   International telephone number:  +1 650 423 1423
   Other contact handles:

D. Motivation for the new RRTYPE application.
   Please keep this part at a high level to inform the Expert and
   reviewers about uses of the RRTYPE.  Most reviewers will be DNS
   experts that may have limited knowledge of your application space.

   The proposed RR is a meta-RR that allows a back-end server that
   has a load-balancer or proxy sat in front of it to receive the
   original DNS request's transport protocol 5-tuple so that it
   can enforce ACLs, pick views, etc.

E. Description of the proposed RR type.
   This description can be provided in-line in the template, as an
   attachment, or with a publicly available URL.

   See draft-bellis-dnsop-xpf-03.

   NB: Whilst further updates to the draft text are likely, the RR
   format is considered stable.

F. What existing RRTYPE or RRTYPEs come closest to filling that need
   and why are they unsatisfactory?

   No existing RRTYPE fills that need.  An earlier version of the
   specification attempted to use EDNS, but the interaction with TSIG
   and SIG(0) was too onerous.  It was also problematic to add an OPT RR
   when one wasn't already present, since it would that the OPT RR
   in the response be stripped out in order to comply with RFC 6891.

G. What mnemonic is requested for the new RRTYPE (optional)?

   Note: If a mnemonic is not supplied, not allowed, or duplicates an
   existing RRTYPE or CLASS mnemonic, the Expert will assign a
   mnemonic.

   The requested mnemonic is "XPF".

H. Does the requested RRTYPE make use of any existing IANA registry
   or require the creation of a new IANA subregistry in DNS
   Parameters?  If so, please indicate which registry is to be used
   or created.  If a new subregistry is needed, specify the
   allocation policy for it and its initial contents.  Also include
   what the modification procedures will be.

   No registry changes are required.

I. Does the proposal require/expect any changes in DNS
   servers/resolvers that prevent the new type from being processed
   as an unknown RRTYPE (see [RFC3597])?

   Strictly speaking, there is a minor change in so much as the parties
   are required to ignore this RR when calculating TSIG or SIG(0) packet
   signatures.  However since this RR is a hop-by-hop meta-RR that
   should only appear when specifically configured between systems that
   are under the same administrative control there should be no need to
   consider end-to-end transparency.  If someone attempts to send an XPF
   RR over a TSIG-signed channel to a server that doesn't understand XPF
   the packet verification will fail.

J. Comments:
